# States of Fragility 2020
Welcome to the repository for States of Fragility 2020. This repository contains the code underlying the construction of the OECD fragility framework, for <i>States of Fragility 2020</i>. For previous reports, please see <a href="https://github.com/githubIEP/oecd-sfr-2018">States of Fragility 2018</a> and <a href="https://github.com/githubIEP/oecd-sfr-2016">States of Fragility 2016</a>. Please note that David Hammond wrote the initial code, with subsequent edits from Harsh Desai. Please contact harsh.desai@oecd.org with any questions, and refer to the <a href="http://www3.compareyourcountry.org/states-of-fragility/about/0/">Methodology</a> of the States of Fragility platform for further information on the step-by-step methodology and a detailed set of FAQs. 

To replicate the analysis in States of Fragility 2020, please download the entire repository and run the '00 - Run All' script in the src folder. It ran all the way through, without any errors, as of October 22, 2020. We have tried to comment the code thoroughly and ensure its replication to the best of our ability by testing it across package versions and in multiple browsers/laptops; however, we acknowledge that there may be unforeseen issues that may lead to breaks in the code. If such breaks happen, please check your package versions - this code used dplyr 1.0.2 and countrycode 1.2.0 (two of the packages that have led caused breaks, in our experience). If you are still facing problems, please email harsh.desai@oecd.org.
